tab1:-
I always showed active participation on upskilling and learning new things and I would like to improve myself and get progress in all aspects. Also I have completed all the Capgemini mandatory training and Information security on time.


tab2:-
I followed most of the coding standards upto my knowledge and completed all the tasks which are assigned to me and delivered on time. I always make sure that the tasks I perform are accurate and no need to rework for it. Also prepared UTR, UTP and TDD documents etc for the project which I am working and worked. 


tab3:-
I have utilized given time for project activities completely and productively. As per my knowledge I always followed the terms and conditions like informing prior for applying leave and submitting timesheets in time etc..

tab4:-
I have utilized my complete billable time for project activities completely and productively.



overall assesement:-
-----------------
1) I have been tagged to RBC account  from 1st- march -2020 and joined deposits team from mid of the march.

2) In the beginning I have attended all the KT sessions which are given by the team members and worked on the tasks which are assigned to me and completed them in time.

3) I have analyzed flow of few modules in wells fargo project in the beginning and later on I worked in value program 2.0 project and made DB2 code changes by following proper coding standards, also prepared TDD document for the same including few of the other jobs as well.  

4) Currently I am working on 'Banking Reinvention - Xelerate' project. Following the coding standards, I have prepared JCL's and sort cards for multiple RBC interfaces and did end to end testing. Also prepared UTR,s and UTP for the same.

-> I have prepared UNIX transmission jobs as well for Xelerate project.
-> Considering the day to day updates from the onsite and clients I have made code changes according to the requirement every time with proper testing and delivered them on time.

-> I have prepared OM documents for few elements as well for Xelerate project.

5) I would like to see myself as a developer or Business Analyst and provide useful utilities to my team and excel in domain knowledge using valuable training provided by my organisation and improve my portfolio.

6) Enhance my professional skills in order to advance in our organization.

7) To become an expert in the field.

8) I need to Gain more autonomy at work.

9) I need to enhance Network more on a professional level
